dbrand makes great precision cut vinyl
skins for your mobile devices game
consoles and game controllers you can
check them out at the link in the video
description so we are here in the
gigabyte booth where they are focused
mostly on their server stuff and this is
my first encounter with an AMD epic
server out in the wild like not actually
at AMD's headquarters so this guy right
here is got 6 nvme and 18 SATA drives it
accepts up to 2 32 cores 64 thread epoch
servers for a total of 128 threads not
to mention that it can hold up to 4
terabytes of memory if you've got oh I
don't know about a hundred and fifteen
thousand dollars to spend on your Ram
Prayer system this one is designed more
around versatility so you can throw a
couple of Radeon Instinct mi-25 cards in
the back throw some storage and throw
some randon whatever the case may be but
we're gonna see some really interesting
designs moving forward with epic because
as big data becomes more ubiquitous
memory to store that information during
processing becomes more and more
important so high density high bandwidth
memory solutions are an extreme demand
right now and AMD is providing more no
memory capacity and Mongo memory
bandwidth and they're doing it
relatively speaking on the cheap so
Intel is currently charging about
$10,000 for their flagship Xeon scalable
while AMD is topping out at around
$4,200 and changing gears entirely
there's even more to be excited about so
let's have a quick look at this guy
right here in the same to you form
factor this guy takes two Intel Xeon
Platinum CPUs up to 24 dims and up to
eight just perfectly normal GPUs each
running at PCI
16x thanks to these little riser boards
with plx chips on them
now hold on Linus you're talking about
Intel all of a sudden epic comes back
into the picture here because thanks to
epics 128 PCI Express Lanes gigabyte has
told us that they're actually planning a
follow up to this particular model with
a single epic CPU so not only could you
be saving money on the CPUs you're
buying you could actually be buying half
as many of them with tons of memory
bandwidth and tons of GPU support with
no speed compromise so on a large scale
these cost savings are going to be
making huge waves in the deep learning
space and on the subject of making huge
waves dbrand has shaken up the vinyl
skin industry I don't even know if you
can call it a vinyl skin industry
anymore because like who else even
exists at this point over a deep brand
you can get precision cut genuine 3 on
vinyl skins for your phone your game
console your mobile device and you can
use their fantastic configurator to see
exactly what it's going to look like
when it arrives mixing and matching
finishes and colors as you see fit their
products are affordable they ship
worldwide and you guys can check them
out over at D brand comm slash CES 2018
so thanks for watching guys
dislike or like get subscribed so you
don't miss any of our CES content and I
mean yeah none of us are ever gonna buy
one of these but isn't it cool